        
      
      
                    CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT 
                          CA3 Group Assignment 
                            Jan 2026 Term 
           
         
        Assessment   
        100 marks (This assignment constitutes 30% of the overall assessment)   
         
         
        Rationale of Group Project   
        This assignment consolidates key learnings from the Customer Relationship Management module 
        by enabling students to apply concepts and principles through data mining on CRM-related datasets. 
        Student(s) are expected to apply all the necessary concepts and principles to the provided business 
        case and work with real data by applying the relevant techniques to understand the customer, 
        uncover insights about the customer and propose ways to retain customers using survival analysis. 
        Student are expected to apply real-world knowledge to analyse and derive insights into the dataset.   
         
        Project Requirement 
        Student(s) will need to obtain an appropriate dataset that allows them to apply the concepts taught 
        in  class  to  real-world  understanding. This dataset must be relevant to allow you to apply the 
        appropriate techniques to managing customers, e.g. customer retention using survival analysis, 
        segmentation using clustering techniques. Marking criteria will include being able to draw insights 
        from the dataset and the ability to apply the appropriate techniques to make recommendations on 
        how to better manage the customers. 
         
        This project will require all the relevant skills you have learnt in the course, with an emphasis on 
        attempting to predict specific outcomes based on your dataset. You should be able to communicate 
        your results with high clarity.   
         
                     
                                
                            Page  1  of  4 
                                                         
                   
                   
                  Project Question   
                  You have garnered the dataset of customers purchasing a product, e.g. BYD EVs, Pandora, etc... 
                  applying new credit card, apartment loans or car rental services. The customers range from low, 
                  middle, to high income working adults. Datasets can be downloaded from popular data repositories, 
                  random data or conduct of a survey questionnaire. 
                   
                  The main objective is to explain how to increase sales of products/services or signed agreements. 
                     
                  Conduct  a  research  study  to  provide  explanations  for  the  trend  and  any  outliers.  Use  the 
                  appropriate charts, graphs and models to support your explanations.   
                   
                  Explain with workings what prediction can/ cannot be made using the garnered dataset. Student(s) 
                  can use software or tools to perform the analysis (for example, using Excel, Tableau, Python, R, 
                  RStudio, etc). 
                   
                  However, it is compulsory to use the following models/methods in R: 
                      •   Linear Regression   
                      •   Multiple Regression   
                      •   Plots for Regression   
                      •   VIF for Multicollinearity 
                   
                  Student(s) main tasks will include: 
                      1.  Apply the various techniques taught in class.   
                      2.  Based on the garnered dataset, student to identify a business problem/opportunity from 
                          customers and make appropriate recommendations on how to better engage/retain them.   
                      3.  Exploring the garnered dataset, student should be able to identify the data quality issues 
                          and use an appropriate treatment method for each issue identified. Explain why the reviews 
                          need to be addressed using Table 1, as an example below.   
                      4.  Student(s) should use tools that they have been taught, include but not limited to R Studio, 
                          to analyse their data after treatment. 
                      5.  Communicate insights and recommendations that would be of relevance to the business 
                          owner of the dataset.   
                                                   Table 1: Type of reviews to be addressed 
                                   S/N               Type of reviews to be                Why the reviews need 
                                                           addressed                         to be addressed? 
                                    1           Duplicate IDs                                   
                                    2           Alien wordings or symbols                       
                                    3           Entries like “nil” and “na”                     
                   
                                                                        
                                                                 Page  2  of  4 
                                                                                                                                    
                        
                        
                        
                       Assessment Marks Allocation   
                       The assignment will be evaluated using the following criteria:   
                        1.  Content: 60%   
                             Student(s) must demonstrate their understanding of this course concepts and theories by 
                             identifying connections and applying them to the case study. Additional details and clarity can 
                             be included in the Appendix section. 
                              -    A maximum of 60 marks will be awarded.   
                              
                        2.  Presentation Delivery: 40%   
                             Student(s) needs to show evidence of professional preparation for the presentation. Student(s) 
                             will need to deliver content in a professional manner within the allocated designated time.   
                             -   A maximum of 20 marks will be awarded.   
                              
                             The PowerPoint must be arranged in a clear, rational, and logical order to maintain good flow 
                             and coherence of the presentation.   
                             -   A maximum of 20 marks will be awarded.   
                        
                        
                       Instructions   
                       Written Report Submission   
                       Submission for the CA will be via a MS Word (.docx) document. There should be no more than 10 
                       pages, this will exclude the Cover page, references and appendix. 
                       PowerPoint Submission   
                       Submission for the CA will be via a PowerPoint presentation. There should be no more than 20 slides, 
                       and this will exclude the Title slides, Agenda & Appendix. 
                        
                       Penalty Marks for Late Submission of Assignment   
                       By one day                        :    20% to be deducted from total marks.   
                       More than one day                 :    Submission will NOT be graded.   
                        
                        
                                                          
                                                                                           
                                                                                  Page  3  of  4 
                                                                                                                                                                       
         
         
         
        Plagiarism and Collusion 
        The submitted Written Report and PowerPoint must be the student’s own work, with all workings 
        and reasonable explanations provided; plagiarism, including AI-generated content, and collusion 
        are serious offences that will be referred to the administration, and grades will be withheld pending 
        investigation if plagiarism or collusion is suspected. 
         
        Important Dates of CA3 Submission:   
        CA3 Group Assignment Deadline:    13 February 2026, 11:59 am     
        Submit your Document and PowerPoint slides via Canvas. Only Word Documents, Final Dataset 
        and PowerPoint slides submitted via Canvas will be accepted. 
                                
                            Page  4  of  4 
                                                         
